                                   Promising start into Q3 does not fully alleviate increased project risks

Project risk is back on the agenda     SFCs business development in the course of H1/25 and the guidance revision for
                                  the full year recalls comparable situations some years ago. It is not the first time
                                     that either the absence of expected orders or a sudden postponement triggered an
                                  outlook reduction. Orders for radio towers (BOSNet) remained substantially behind
                                                 initial expectations. A promising kick-off of a cooperation with Toyota Tsuhu did
                                 not open new markets for SFC Energy and did not yield expected results.

                              The most drastic comparable expample was the step-up of an EUR20m order from
                                  the German army to a level that required the appoval of a specific budget commit­
                                   tee of the German Bundestag that was never assigned. This time, SFCs promising
                                   Indian fuel cell business is the trigger for the outlook reduction. Not least the re­
                                 cent challenges India ia facing to its border security situation obviously caused a
                                         reprioritization of funds towards other defense projects. For now, management ex­
                                 pects to receive projected orders in the course of 2026. Keeping in mind aforemen­
                                   tioned examples in the groups younger history, it would be premature to say
                               weather those orders will actually be assigned next year or not.


New opportunities arise                Fortunately, the groups efforts to broaden its attainable market is yielding results:
                                  while the absence of BOSNet business was basically more than compensated by
                                  the - at the time - biggest order in the groups history out of the US surveillance
                                      sector, this time, SFC Energy closed a frst contract with a group from the traffic se­
                                       curity business. It received an order for 60 EFOY fuel cells which are used to pro­
                                   vide traffic signals on a road construction site with energy.

                                          All those 60 fuel cells will be used at one single site. Given the fact that German
                                      authorities identified 8,000 road bridges in need of a major overhaul, thereof 4,000
                                  bridges with an urgent requirement for repair work in order to avoid an immediate
                                     closure, business potential out of that area appears to be big enough to at least
                             compensate missing orders in other areas. The German government obviously
                                  plans to repair 400 bridges per year. Moreover, the domestic business does not fur­
                                     ther increase the companies currency exposure that cut-off EUR2,6m sales from
                         H1 accounts.


Improving cost base in 2026          The modernization of SFCs IT-infrastructure, including a step-up of cyber security
                              measures and a new ERP-system added EUR2,7m non-recurring costs to the p&l
                                        in H1. Management decided a hiring-freeze for the rest of the year. Depending on
                                   price/mix effects in H2 and the dynamic of SFCs order intake until year-end, the
                               group should be able to at least earn a similar adjusted EBIT amount like in H1
                              (EUR4,64m) to end-up towards the upper end of the reduced EUR5,0-11,0m adj
                               EBIT range. We are not aware of any further project risks or expected big ticket-
                                 items that could again distort projected group sales for H2.

                             Assuming no further revenue-postponements in 2026, the availability of substan­
                                                tially expanded capacities and growing business with the surveillance-sector there
                                   are reasons to believe top-line growth vs FY25 will exceed the 22.5% y/y growth in
                                2024, not least facilitated by the depressed revenue base of 2025.





Information for professional clients and eligible counterparties – not to be passed on to private clients                                  2