Irrespective of the valuation principles and methods used and the assumptions on which they are based, there is always a risk that a particular price target is not achieved or
that the assumptions and forecasts prove inaccurate. This can, for instance, be the result of unexpected changes in demand, management, technology, economic or political
developments, interest rates, costs, the competitive situation, the legal situation and other factors. Investments in foreign markets and instruments are subject to additional
risks, as a result of changes in exchange rates or in the economic, political or social situation, for instance. This outline of risks makes no claim to be exhaustive.

Definition of categories for investment recommendations

The categories for investment recommendations in research publications by Metzler have the following meanings:

Shares:

 BUY                          The price of the analysed financial instrument is expected to rise in the next 12 months.

 HOLD                        The price of the analysed financial instrument is expected to largely remain stable in the next 12 months.

 SELL                         The price of the analysed financial instrument is expected to fall in the next 12 months.

Bonds:

 BUY                          The analysed financial instrument is expected to perform better than similar financial instruments.

 HOLD                        The analysed financial instrument is not expected to perform significantly better or worse than similar financial instruments.

 SELL                         The analysed financial instrument is expected to perform worse than similar financial instruments.

Summary of investment recommendations

A list of all investment recommendations for each financial instrument or issuer published by Metzler in the past twelve months can be found at www.metzler.com/disclaimer-
capital-markets-en.

The quarterly quotation of the number of all investment recommendations given as “buy”, “hold”, “sell” or similar for the past 12 months as a proportion of the total number
of investment recommendations made by Metzler and the quotation of the proportion of these categories relating to issuers to whom Metzler has provided services within the
meaning of Annex I sections A and B of Regulation 2014/65/EU within the past 12 months can be accessed and downloaded at www.metzler.com/disclaimer-capital-markets-
en.

Planned updates of this document

This document reflects the opinion of the respective author at the time of its preparation. Any changes of factors can cause information, opinions, estimates, recommenda­
tions and forecasts contained in this document to cease to be accurate. No decision has as yet been taken as to whether, and if so when, this document will be updated. If an
investment recommendation is updated, the updated investment recommendation replaces the previous investment recommendation upon publication.

Compliance arrangements; conflicts of interest

All analysts are bound by Metzler’s internal compliance regulations which ensure that the research publications are prepared in accordance with statutory and regulatory pro­
visions. The analysts are classified as working in a confidential sector and are thus required to observe the resulting statutory and regulatory provisions. This is monitored on a
regular basis by the Compliance department and external auditors. The Compliance department ensures that potential conflicts of interest do not affect the original result of
the analysis. Metzler has a binding Conflicts of Interest Policy in place which ensures that relevant conflicts of interest within Metzler, the Metzler Group, the analysts and
staff of Metzler's Capital Markets division and persons associated with them are avoided or, if they cannot be avoided, are appropriately identified, managed, disclosed and
monitored. A detailed description of Metzler’s policy for avoiding conflicts of interest is available at www.metzler.com/disclaimer-capital-markets-en.

Details of the conflicts of interests to be disclosed under regulatory requirements are published at www.metzler.com/disclosures-en.

Remuneration

The remuneration of the Metzler staff members and other persons involved in preparing this document is in no way, either in whole or in any variable part, directly or material­
ly linked to transactions in securities services or other transactions processed by Metzler.

Prices

All prices for financial instruments stated in this document are, unless otherwise stated, closing prices for the trading day preceding the respective stated publication date on
the market which we regard as the most liquid market for the respective financial instrument.

Scope of application

This document was prepared in the Federal Republic of Germany in line with the legal provisions valid there. It may therefore be possible that this document does not comply
with all provisions relating to the preparation of such documents in other countries.





Information for professional clients and eligible counterparties – not to be passed on to private clients                                  9