20 November 2025                        FIRST BERLIN                                 SFC Energy AG
                                                            Equity Research


                INVESTMENT HORIZON
                       Unless otherwise stated in the financial analysis, the ratings refer to an investment period of twelve months.

               UPDATES
                         At the time of publication of this financial analysis  it is not certain whether, when and on what occasion an update will be
                          provided. In general First Berlin strives to review the financial analysis for its topicality and, if required, to update it in a very
                           timely manner in connection with the reporting obligations of the analysed company or on the occasion of ad hoc notifications.
               SUBJECT TO CHANGE
                    The opinions contained in the financial analysis reflect the assessment of the author on the day of publication of the financial
                           analysis. The author of the financial analysis reserves the right to change such opinion without prior notification.
                        Legally required information regarding
                                  key sources of information in the preparation of this research report
                                  valuation methods and principles
                                   sensitivity of valuation parameters
                    can be accessed through the following internet link: https://firstberlin.com/disclaimer-english-link/
                  SUPERVISORY AUTHORITY: Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht (German Federal Financial Supervisory
                         Authority) [BaFin], Graurheindorferstraße 108, 53117 Bonn and Marie-Curie-Straße 24-28, 60439 Frankfurt am Main
                                      EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY (DISCLAIMER)
                  RELIABILITY OF INFORMATION AND SOURCES OF INFORMATION
                    The information contained in this study is based on sources considered by the author to be reliable. Comprehensive verification
                            of the accuracy and completeness of information and the reliability of sources of information has neither been carried out by the
                         author nor by First Berlin. As a result no warranty of any kind whatsoever shall be assumed for the accuracy and completeness
                            of information and the reliability of sources of information, and neither the author nor First Berlin, nor the person responsible for
                        passing on or distributing the financial analysis shall be liable for any direct or indirect damage incurred through reliance on the
                       accuracy and completeness of information and the reliability of sources of information.
                  RELIABILITY OF ESTIMATES AND FORECASTS
                    The author of the financial analysis made estimates and forecasts to the best of the author’s knowledge. These estimates and
                          forecasts reflect the author’s personal opinion and judgement. The premises for estimates and forecasts as well as the author’s
                         perspective on such premises are subject to constant change. Expectations with regard to the future performance of a financial
                         instrument are the result of a measurement at a single point in time and may change at any time. The result of a financial
                          analysis always describes only one possible future development – the one that is most probable from the perspective of the
                         author – of a number of possible future developments.
                     Any and all market values or target prices indicated for the company analysed in this financial analysis may not be achieved due
                            to various risk factors, including but not limited to market volatility, sector volatility, the actions of the analysed company,
                      economic climate, failure to achieve earnings and/or sales forecasts, unavailability of complete and precise information and/or a
                        subsequently occurring event which affects the underlying assumptions of the author and/or other sources on which the author
                              relies in this document. Past performance is not an indicator of future results; past values cannot be carried over into the future.
                        Consequently, no warranty of any kind whatsoever shall be assumed for the accuracy of estimates and forecasts, and neither
                         the author nor First Berlin, nor the person responsible for passing on or distributing the financial analysis shall be liable for any
                             direct or indirect damage incurred through reliance on the correctness of estimates and forecasts.
                INFORMATION PURPOSES, NO RECOMMENDATION, SOLICITATION, NO OFFER FOR THE
              PURCHASE OF SECURITIES
                    The present financial analysis serves information purposes. It is intended to support institutional investors in making their own
                        investment decisions; however in no way provide the investor with investment advice. Neither the author, nor First Berlin, nor
                         the person responsible for passing on or distributing the financial analysis shall be considered to be acting as an investment
                          advisor or portfolio manager vis-à-vis an investor. Each investor must form his own independent opinion with regard to the
                               suitability of an investment in view of his own investment objectives, experience, tax situation, financial position and other
                         circumstances.
                    The financial analysis does not represent a recommendation or solicitation and is not an offer for the purchase of the security
                           specified in this financial analysis. Consequently, neither the author nor First Berlin, nor the person responsible for passing on or
                             distributing the financial analysis shall as a result be liable for losses incurred through direct or indirect employment or use of
                      any kind whatsoever of information or statements arising out of this financial analysis.
                  A decision concerning an investment in securities should take place on the basis of independent investment analyses and
                        procedures as well as other studies including, but not limited to, information memoranda, sales or issuing prospectuses and not
                     on the basis of this document.
              NO ESTABLISHMENT OF CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS
                    By taking note of this financial analysis the recipient neither becomes a customer of First Berlin, nor does First Berlin incur any
                           contractual, quasi-contractual or pre-contractual obligations and/or  responsibilities toward the  recipient.  In  particular no
                          information contract shall be established between First Berlin and the recipient of this information.
              NO OBLIGATION TO UPDATE
                              First Berlin, the author and/or the person responsible for passing on or distributing the financial analysis shall not be obliged to
                       update the financial analysis. Investors must keep themselves informed about the current course of business and any changes
                              in the current course of business of the analysed company.
                DUPLICATION
                        Dispatch or duplication of this document is not permitted without the prior written consent of First Berlin.
                 SEVERABILITY
                       Should any provision of this disclaimer prove to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable under the respectively applicable law, then
                      such provision shall be treated as if it were not an integral component of this disclaimer; in no way shall it affect the legality,
                               validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions.
                APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF JURISDICTION
                    The preparation of this financial analysis shall be subject to the law obtaining in the Federal Republic of Germany. The place of
                              jurisdiction for any disputes shall be Berlin (Germany).
                NOTICE OF DISCLAIMER
                    By taking note of this financial analysis the recipient confirms the binding nature of the above explanations.
                    By using this document or relying on it in any manner whatsoever the recipient accepts the above restrictions as binding for the
                             recipient.


                                                       Page 11/12