Disclaimer
This document has been prepared by B. Metzler seel. Sohn & Co. AG (Metzler) and is addressed exclusively to eligible counterparties and professional clients. It is thus not
suitable for retail clients.

This document is based on information which is generally available and which Metzler believes to be fundamentally reliable. Metzler has not verified the accuracy or com­
pleteness of the information, however, and thus provides no warranty or representation in respect of the accuracy or completeness of the information, opinions, estimates,
recommendations and forecasts contained in this document. Neither Metzler nor any of its shareholders or employees are liable for damage or any other disadvantage suf­
fered due to inaccurate or incomplete information, opinions, estimates, recommendations or forecasts as a result of the distribution or use of or in connection to this docu­
ment.

This document does not constitute or form part of any offer to buy or solicitation of any offer to buy securities, other financial instruments or other investment instruments.
Neither does it take account of the particular investment objectives, financial situation or needs of individual recipients nor does it constitute personal investment advice.
Metzler does not act as investment advisor or portfolio manager in preparing and publishing this document. Recipients must make their own investment decisions in accor­
dance with their specific financial situation and investment objectives, based on independent processes and analyses, taking sales or other prospectuses, information memo­
randa and other investor information into account, and consult with an independent financial advisor where necessary. Recipients should note that any information regarding
past performance should not be relied upon as an indication of future performance and should therefore not form the basis of any decision whether or not to invest in any fi­
nancial instruments.

The information, opinions, estimates, recommendations and forecasts contained in this document reflect the personal views of the author at the time of publication on the fi­
nancial instruments or issuers that form the subject of this document and do not necessarily reflect the opinions of Metzler, the issuer or third parties. They may also be sub­
ject to change on account of future events and developments. Metzler has no obligation to amend, supplement or update this document or to otherwise notify recipients in
the event that any information, opinions, estimates, recommendations or forecasts stated herein should change or subsequently become inaccurate, incomplete or mislead­
ing. The model calculations contained in this document, if any, are examples showing the possible performance and are based on various assumptions (e.g. regarding earn­
ings and volatility). The actual performance may be higher or lower, depending on market trends and on the correctness of assumptions underlying the model calculations.
Accordingly, actual performance cannot be guaranteed, warranted or assured.

Recipients should assume that (a) Metzler is entitled to acquire orders for investment banking, securities or other services from or with companies which form the subject of
research publications and that (b) analysts who were involved in preparing research publications may, within the scope of regulatory laws, be indirectly involved in the acqui­
sition of such orders.

Metzler and its employees may hold positions in securities of the companies analysed or in other investment objects or may conduct transactions with such securities or in­
vestment objects.

This document is provided for information purposes only and may not be copied, duplicated, forwarded to third parties or otherwise published, in whole or in part, without
Metzler’s written consent. Metzler reserves all copyrights and rights of use, including those relating to electronic media. Insofar as Metzler provides hyperlinks to websites of
the companies cited in research publications, this does not mean that Metzler confirms, recommends or warrants any data contained on the linked sites or data which can be
accessed from such sites. Metzler accepts no liability for links or data, nor for any consequences which may arise as a result of following the links and/or using the data.

This document is subject to the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany. Venue of jurisdiction for any disputes shall be Frankfurt am Main, Germany.

By accepting this document the recipient declares his/her agreement with the above provisions.

Information in accordance with Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014, Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2016/958 and section 85 (1) of the German Securities Trading Act (Wertpapier­
handelsgesetz)

Persons responsible for this document

The company responsible for preparing this document is B. Metzler seel. Sohn & Co. AG, Untermainanlage 1, 60329 Frankfurt am Main, Germany, which is subject to supervi­
sion by the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (BundesanstaltfürFinanzdienstleistungsaufsicht; BaFin), Marie-Curie-Straße 24–28, 60439 Frankfurt/Main, Ger­
many, and by the European Central Bank (ECB), Sonnemannstraße 20, 60314 Frankfurt/Main, Germany.

Key information sources

The sources of information referred to when preparing research publications include publications by national and international media, the European Central Bank and other
public authorities, information services (such as Reuters and Bloomberg), the financial press, published statistics, information published by rating agencies, annual reports
and other information provided by the issuers.

Valuation criteria and methods

Valuations are based on standard and acknowledged methods of fundamental and technical analysis (e.g. DCF model, peer-group analysis, sum-of-the-parts model, relative-
value analysis). The valuation models are affected by macro-economic values such as interest rates, exchange rates, commodities prices and economic performance, as well
as by market sentiments. Detailed information on the valuation principles and methods used by Metzler and the assumptions on which they are based is available at:
www.metzler.com/disclaimer-capital-markets-en.

Sensitivity of valuation parameters; risks

The figures on which the company valuations are based are date-specific estimates and thus carry inherent risks. They may be adjusted at any time without prior notice.



Information for professional clients and eligible counterparties – not to be passed on to private clients                                  8