COMPANY NOTE                                                                            QUIRIN PRIVATBANK EQUITY RESEARCH




The Bank have set up effective organizational administrative arrangements to prevent and avoid possible conflicts of interest and,
where applicable, to disclose them. The Quirin research analysts involved in issuing research reports operate independently of
Quirin Investment Banking business. Information barriers and procedures are in place between the research analysts and staff
involved in securities trading for the account of Quirin or clients to ensure the price sensitive information is treated according to
applicable laws and regulations.

The valuation underlying the rating of the company analyzed in this report is based on generally accepted and widely used
methods of fundamental valuation, such as the DCF model, Free Cash Flow Value Potential, peer group comparison and – where
applicable – a sum-of-the-parts model.
We do not commit ourselves in advance to whether and in which intervals an update  is made. The document and the
recommendation and the estimations contained therein are not linked – whether directly or indirectly – to the compensation of
the analyst responsible for the document.

All share prices given in this equity analysis are closing prices from the last trading day before the publication date stated, unless
another point in time is explicitly stated.

The rating in this report are based on the analyst´s expectation of the absolute change in stock price over a period of 6 to 12
months and reflect the analyst´s view of the potential for change in stock price as a percentage. The BUY and SELL ratings reflect
the analyst´s expected high change in the value of the stock.

The levels of change expressed in each rating categories are:

BUY > +10%

HOLD <=-10% and < = +10%

SELL > -10%.

Analyst certification

Sebastian Droste, financial analyst, hereby certifies that all of the views expressed in this report accurately reflect my personal views
about any and all of the subject securities or issuers discussed herein. In addition, I hereby certify that no part of my compensation
was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views expressed in this research report, nor is it
tied to any specific investment banking transaction performed by the Bank or its affiliates.

Price and Rating History (last 12 months)

Date             Price target-EUR    Rating         Initiation
04.11.2025     45.00            Hold
31.07.2025      36.50            Buy
09.05.2025     35.50            Buy
28.03.2025     35.00            Buy
28.11.2024      34.00            Buy         01.06.2016

Bank distribution of ratings and in proportion to investment banking services can be found on the internet at the following address:

https://www.quirinprivatbank.de/kapitalmarktgeschaeft/institutionelles-research

Bank disclosures, conflict of interest on complete list of financial analysis on the last 12 month can be found on the internet at the
following address:

https://research.quirinprivatbank.de/content/disclosures

Competent supervisory authority

Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht - BaFin – (Federal Financial Supervisory Authority), Graurheindorfer Str. 108 , 53117
Bonn

Contact Quirin Privatbank AG Frankfurt am Main
Schillerhaus / Schillerstraße 20 / 60313 Frankfurt am Main

Management Board: Karl Matthäus Schmidt • Johannes Eismann •





Strong 9M, guidance confirmed                                                                                                                            8