mwb research AG
Page 17 of 18

Important disclosures

1. General Information/Liabilities This research report has been produced for the    The decision on the choice of the financial instruments analyzed in this
information purposes of institutional investors only, and is not in any way a    document was solely made by mwb research AG. The opinions and estimates in
personal recommendation, offer or solicitation to buy or sell the financial     this research report are subject to change without notice.  It is within the
instruments mentioned herein. The document  is confidential and  is made     discretion of mwb research AG whether and when it publishes an update to this
available by mwb research AG, exclusively to selected recipients [in DE, GB, FR,    research report, but in general updates are created on a regular basis, after 6
CH, US, UK, Scandinavia, and Benelux or, in individual cases, also in other    months at the  latest. A  sensitivity analysis  is included and published  in
countries]. A distribution to private investors in the sense of the German    company’s initial studies.
Securities Trading Act (WpHG) is excluded. It is not allowed to pass the research
report on to persons other than the intended recipient without the permission of     5. Date and time of first publication of this financial analysis
mwb research AG. Reproduction of this document, in whole or in part, is not    30-Jun-26 12:11:34
permitted without prior permission mwb research AG. All rights reserved. Under
no circumstances shall mwb research AG, any of its employees involved in the     6. Risk information
preparation, have any  liability for possible errors or incompleteness of the     •    Stock exchange investments and investments in companies (shares) are
information included in this research report – neither in relation to indirect or         always speculative and involve the risk of total loss.
direct nor consequential damages. Liability for damages arising either directly or    •    This is particularly true in respect of investments in companies which are
as a consequence of the use of information, opinions and estimates is also          not established and/or small and have no established business or
excluded. Past performance of a financial instrument is not necessarily indicative          corporate assets.
of future performance.                                                            •    Share prices may fluctuate significantly. This is particularly true for shares
                                                                                      with low liquidity (market breadth). Even small orders can have a significant
2. Responsibilities This research report was prepared by the research analyst         impact on the share price.
named on the front page (the ʺProducerʺ). The Producer is solely responsible for    •     In the case of shares in narrow markets, it may also happen that there is no
the views and estimates expressed in this report. The report has been prepared          or very little actual trading there and that published prices are not based on
independently. The content of the research report was not influenced by the          actual trading but have only been provided by a stockbroker.
issuer of the analyzed financial instrument at any time. It may be possible that    •     In such markets a shareholder cannot expect to find a buyer for his shares
parts of the research report were handed out to the issuer for information           at all and/or at reasonable prices. In such narrow markets there is a very
purposes prior to the publication without any major amendments                        high possibility of manipulating prices and in such markets there are often
being made thereafter.                                                               considerable price fluctuations.
                                                                                  •    An investment in shares with low liquidity and low market capitalization is
3. Organizational Requirements mwb research AG took internal organizational          therefore highly speculative and represents a very high risk.
and regulative precautions to avoid or accordingly disclose possible conflicts of     •    There is no regulated market for unlisted shares and securities and a sale
interest in connection with the preparation and distribution of the research report.            is not possible or only possible on an individual basis.
All members of mwb research AG involved in the preparation of the research
report are subject to internal compliance regulations. No part of the Producer’s     7. Major Sources of Information Part of the information required for this research
compensation is directly or indirectly related to the preparation of this financial     report was made available by the issuer of the financial instrument. Furthermore,
analysis. In case a research analyst or a closely related person is confronted with     this report  is based on publicly available sources (such as, for example,
a conflict of interest, the research analyst is restricted from covering this    Bloomberg, Reuters, VWD-Trader and the relevant daily press) believed to be
company.                                                                                     reliable. mwb research AG has checked the information for plausibility but not for
                                                                           accuracy or completeness.
4. Information Concerning the Methods of Valuation/Update The determination
of the fair value per share, i.e. the price target, and the resultant rating is done on     8. Competent Supervisory Authority mwb research AG are under supervision of
the basis of the adjusted free cash flow (adj. FCF) method and on the basis of    the BaFin – German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für
the discounted cash flow – DCF model. Furthermore, a peer group comparison     Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht), Graurheindorfer Straße 108, 53117 Bonn and
is made. The adj. FCF method is based on the assumption that investors    Marie-Curie-Straße 24 – 28, 60439 Frankfurt a.M. This document is distributed in
purchase assets only at a price (enterprise value) at which the operating cash    the UK under a MiFID EEA branch passport and in compliance with the applicable
flow return after taxes on this investment exceeds their opportunity costs in the   FCA requirements.
form of a hurdle rate. The operating cash flow is calculated as EBITDA less
maintenance capex and taxes. Within the framework of the DCF approach, the     9. Specific Comments for Recipients Outside of Germany This research report
future free cash flows are calculated initially on the basis of a fictitious capital     is subject to the law of the Federal Republic of Germany. The distribution of this
structure of 100% equity, i.e. interest and repayments on debt capital are not    information to other states in particular to the USA, Canada, Australia and Japan
factored in initially. The adjustment towards the actual capital structure is done   may be restricted or prohibited by the laws applicable within this state.
by discounting the calculated free cash flows with the weighted average cost of
capital (WACC), which takes into account both the cost of equity capital and the    10. Miscellaneous According to Article 4(1) No.  i of the delegated regulation
cost of debt. After discounting, the calculated total enterprise value is reduced    2016/958 supplementing regulation 596/2014 of the European Parliament,
by the interest-bearing debt capital in order to arrive at the equity value. Detailed     further information regarding investment recommendations of the  last 12
information on the valuation principles and methods used and the underlying    months are published free of charge under https:// www.mwb.-research.com.
assumptions can be found at https://www.mwb.-research.com.

mwb research AG uses the following three-step rating system for the analyzed
companies:

•    Speculative (Spec.) BUY: Sustainable upside potential of more than 25%
      within 12 months, above average risk

•    BUY: Sustainable upside potential of more than 10% within 12 months

•    SELL: Sustainable downside potential of more than 10% within 12 months.

•    HOLD: Upside/downside potential is limited. No immediate catalyst visible.

NB: The ratings of mwb research AG are not based on a performance that is
expected to be “relative“ to the market.