COMPANY NOTE                                                                            QUIRIN PRIVATBANK EQUITY RESEARCH



Legal Disclaimer

This report was completed 04/11/2025 15:11 CET (Delegierte Verordnung 2016/958, Artikel 3 Absatz 1e)

This document has been prepared by Quirin Privatbank AG (hereinafter referred to as „the Bank“). This document does not claim
completeness regarding all the information on the stocks, stock markets or developments referred to in it. On no account should
the document be regarded as a substitute for the recipient procuring information for himself/herself or exercising his/her own
judgments.

The document has been produced for information purposes for institutional clients or market professionals. Private customers, into
whose possession this document comes, should discuss possible investment decisions with their customer service officer as
differing views and opinions may exist with regard to the stocks referred to in this document.

This document is not a solicitation or an offer to buy or sell the mentioned stock.

The document may include certain descriptions, statements, estimates, and conclusions underlining potential market and company
development. These reflect assumptions, which may turn out to be incorrect. The Bank and/or its employees accept no liability
whatsoever for any direct or consequential loss or damages of any kind arising out of the use of this document or any part of its
content.

Any forecasts or price targets shown for companies discussed in this document may not be achieved due to multiple risk factors
including without limitation market volatility, sector volatility, corporate actions, the unavailability of complete and accurate
information. For investments in foreign markets and instruments there are further risks, generally based on changes in economic
and political environment, changes in financial conditions of the relevant company, on exchange rate changes, etc.

The Bank and/or its employees may hold, buy or sell positions in any securities mentioned in this document, derivatives thereon or
related financial products. The Bank and/or its employees may underwrite issues for any securities mentioned in this document,
derivatives thereon or related financial products or seek to perform capital market or underwriting services.

The Bank reserves all the rights in this document.

The preparation of this document is subject to regulation by German Law.

Remarks regarding to U.K. clients: Distribution of this material in the U.K.is governed by the FSA Rules. This Report is intended only
for distribution to Professional Clients or Eligible Counterparties (as defined under the rules of the FSA) and is not directed at Retail
Clients (as defined under the rules of the FSA).

Disclosures in respect of section 85 of the German Securities Trading Act, the market abuse regulation and the Commission
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/958

Section 85 of the German Securities Trading Act in combination with the European regulations requires an enterprise preparing a
securities analyses to point possible conflicts of interest with respect to the company that is the subject of the analyses. Catalogue
of potential conflicts of interest:

           1.  The Bank and/or its affiliate(s) own a net long or short position exceeding the threshold of 0,5% of the total issued
            share capital of the company that is the subject of the Research Document, calculated in accordance with Article 3 of
             regulation (EU) No 236/2012 and with Chapter III and IV of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 918/2012
          2.  The company that is the subject of the Research Document owns 5% or more in the total issued share capital of the
           Bank and/or its affiliate(s)
          3.  The Bank and/or its affiliate(s) was Lead Manager or Co-Lead Manager over the previous 12 months of a public
             offering of analyzed company
         4.  The Bank and/or its affiliate(s) act as Market Maker or Designated Sponsor for the analyzed company
          5.  The Bank and/or its affiliate(s) over the previous 12 months has been providing investment banking services for the
            analyzed company for which a compensation has been or will be paid
         6.  The responsible analyst named in this report disclosed a draft of the analysis set forth in this Research Document to
            the company that is the subject of this Research Document for fact reviewing purposes and changes were made to
               this Research Document before publication
          7.  The Bank and/or its affiliate(s) effected an agreement with the analyzed company for the preparation of the financial
              analysis
         8.  The Bank and/or its affiliate(s) holds a trading position in shares of the analyzed company
         9.  The Bank and/or its affiliate(s) has other important financial interests in relation to the analyzed company

In relation to the security or financial instrument discussed in this analyses the following possible conflict of interest exists: (7)





Strong 9M, guidance confirmed                                                                                                                                              7