Smartbroker Holding AG
Research Report (Note)


     APPENDIX



                     I. Research under MiFID II

               1. There is a contract between the research company GBC AG and the issuer regarding the independent preparation and
              publication of this research report on the respective issuer. GBC AG is remunerated by the issuer for this. If this is the case, this
                 is indicated in the respective study in accordance with the notations.

               2. The research report is made available to all interested investment firms at the same time.

              or

               3. If the studies are not commissioned by the issuer, they are prepared independently of any commission. They are also pre-
            pared without influence from third parties.

               4. The research report is made widely available and published for general access, rather than being distributed exclusively to
               specific customers and investors. The research study can therefore also be classified as a "minor non-monetary benefit" and is
             thus MiFID II compliant.


                      II. §1 Disclaimer/Exclusion of Liability

             This document is for informational purposes only. All data and information in this study are derived from sources that GBC
             believes to be reliable. In addition, the authors have taken the utmost care to ensure that the facts used and opinions expressed
             are appropriate and accurate. Nevertheless, no warranty or liability can be assumed for their accuracy, either expressly or
                 implicitly. Furthermore, all information may be incomplete or summarized. Neither GBC nor the individual authors accept any
                  liability for damages arising from the use of this document or its contents or in any other way in connection with it.


        We also point out that this document does not constitute an invitation to subscribe to or purchase any securities and should not
           be interpreted as such. Nor may it or any part thereof serve as the basis for a binding contract of any kind or be relied upon as
           a reliable source in this context. Any decision in connection with a prospective offer to sell securities of the company or compa-
             nies discussed in this publication should be made solely on the basis of information contained in prospectuses or offering letters
             issued in connection with such an offer.


        GBC does not guarantee that the indicated returns or price targets will be achieved. Changes in the relevant assumptions on
            which this document is based may have a material impact on the targeted returns. Investment income is subject to fluctuations.
            Investment decisions always require consultation with an investment advisor. This document therefore cannot serve as a sub-
                stitute for such advice.


             Distribution outside the Federal Republic of Germany:

             This publication, if distributed in the UK, may only be made available to persons who are deemed to be authorized or exempt
            under the Financial Services Act 1986, or persons as defined in Section 9 (3) of the Financial Services Act 1986 (Investment
             Advertisement) (Exemptions) Order 1988 (as amended), and may not be communicated directly or indirectly to other persons
              or groups of persons.


             Neither this document nor any copy thereof may be brought into, transmitted or distributed in the United States of America or
                  its territories or possessions. Distribution of this document in Canada, Japan or other jurisdictions may be restricted by law, and
            persons who come into possession of this publication should inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions. Any
                failure to observe this restriction may constitute a violation of U.S., Canadian, or Japanese securities laws or the laws of any
             other jurisdiction.


          By accepting this document, you accept any disclaimer and the aforementioned restrictions. The disclaimer/liability exclusion
             notices can also be found at: https://www.gbc-ag.de/de/Disclaimer


            Legal notices and publications in accordance with Section 85 of the German Securities Trading Act (WpHG) and the
          German Financial Instruments Regulation (FinAnV)

           The information can also be found on the Internet at the following address: https://www.gbc-ag.de/de/Offenlegung


            Section 2 (I) Update:

         A specific update of the present analysis(es) at a fixed point in time has not yet been scheduled. GBC AG reserves the right to
            update the analysis without prior notice.


           § 2 (II) Recommendation/Classifications/Rating:

            Since July 1, 2006, GBC AG has been using a three-tier absolute stock rating system. Since July 1, 2007, the ratings have been
           based on a time horizon of at least six to a maximum of 18 months. Previously, the ratings were based on a time horizon of up
              to 12 months. When the analysis is published, the investment recommendations are determined in accordance with the classi-
               fications described below, with reference to the expected return. Temporary price deviations outside these ranges do not auto-
              matically lead to a change in classification, but do give rise to a revision of the original recommendation.




                                              3