Smartbroker Holding AG
Research Report (Note)




              (11) GBC AG or a legal entity affiliated with it has significant financial interests in the analyzed company, such as acquiring
             and/or exercising mandates with the analyzed company or acquiring and/or providing services for the analyzed company (e.g.,
             presentations at conferences, roundtables, roadshows, etc.).

              (12) At the time of the financial analysis, the analyzed company is involved in a financial instrument or financial product (such
           as a certificate, fund, etc.) managed or advised by GBC AG or a legal entity affiliated with it.


           § 2 (V) 3. Compliance:

        GBC has taken internal regulatory measures to prevent potential conflicts of interest or,  if they exist, to disclose them. The
              current Compliance Officer, Karin Jägg, is responsible for compliance with the regulations. Email: jaegg@gbc-ag.de


           § 2 (VI) Responsible for preparation:

           The company responsible for preparing this analysis is GBC AG, based in Augsburg, which is registered as a research institute
              with the competent supervisory authority (Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (BaFin), Marie-Curie-Str. 24-28, 60439 Frank-
                  furt).


        GBC AG is currently represented by its board members Manuel Hölzle (chairman) and Jörg Grunwald.


          The analysts responsible for this analysis are:

            Matthias Greiffenberger, M.Sc., M.A., Financial Analyst

          Cosmin Filker, Graduate in Business Administration (FH), Deputy Chief Analyst


           § 3 Copyright

             This document is protected by copyright. It is provided for your information only and may not be reproduced or distributed to
           any other person. Any use of this document outside the limits of copyright law requires the consent of GBC or the relevant
           company, provided that rights of use and publication have been transferred.


        GBC AG

             Halderstraße 27

        D 86150 Augsburg

                 Tel.: 0821/24 11 33-0

            Fax: 0821/24 11 33-30

             Website: http://www.gbc-ag.de


             Email: compliance@gbc-ag.de





                                              5