Smartbroker Holding AG
Research Report (Note)




          The respective recommendations/classifications/ratings are associated with the following expectations:


                                The expected return, based on the determined price target, including dividend payments
          BUY
                                           within the corresponding time horizon is >= + 10%.



                                The expected return, based on the determined price target, including dividend payments
          HOLD
                                           within the corresponding time horizon is > - 10% and < + 10%.



                                The expected return, based on the determined price target, including dividend payments
           SELL
                                           within the corresponding time horizon is <= - 10%.





        GBC AG's price targets are determined on the basis of the fair value per share, which is calculated using generally accepted
           and widely used fundamental analysis methods such as the DCF method, peer group comparison, and/or the sum-of-the-parts
            method. This is done taking into account fundamental factors such as stock splits, capital reductions, capital increases, M&A
                activities, share buybacks, etc.


           § 2 (III) Historical recommendations:

           GBC's historical recommendations on the current analysis(es) can be viewed online at the following address: https://www.gbc-
             ag.de/de/Offenlegung


           § 2 (IV) Information basis:

              Publicly available information about the issuer(s) (where available, the three most recently published annual and quarterly re-
               ports, ad hoc announcements, press releases, securities prospectus, company presentations, etc.) that GBC considers reliable
          was used to prepare the present analysis(es). In addition, discussions were held with the management of the company/compa-
             nies concerned in order to obtain a more detailed explanation of the facts relating to business development.


           § 2 (V) 1. Conflicts of interest pursuant to § 85 WpHG and Art. 20 MAR:

        GBC AG and the responsible analyst hereby declare that the following potential conflicts of interest exist for the company/com-
            panies mentioned in the analysis at the time of publication and thus comply with the obligations of Section 85 of the German
              Securities Trading Act (WpHG) and Article 20 of the Market Abuse Regulation (MAR). A detailed explanation of the potential
               conflicts of interest is provided below in the catalog of potential conflicts of interest under Section 2 (V) 2.


          The following potential conflict of interest exists in relation to the securities or financial instruments discussed in the
             analysis: (5a, 11)


           § 2 (V) 2. List of potential conflicts of interest:

               (1) GBC AG or a legal entity affiliated with it holds shares or other financial instruments in this analyzed company or analyzed
               financial instrument or financial product at the time of publication.

               (2) This company holds more than 3% of the shares in GBC AG or a legal entity affiliated with it.

               (3) GBC AG or a legal entity affiliated with it is a market maker or designated sponsor for this company's financial instruments.

               (4) GBC AG or a legal entity affiliated with it has been involved in the public issuance of financial instruments of this company
                in the past 12 months, either as lead manager or co-manager.

               (5) a) GBC AG or a legal entity affiliated with  it has entered into an agreement with this company or issuer of the analyzed
               financial instrument in the past 12 months to produce research reports in return for payment. Under this agreement, the draft
               financial analysis (excluding the valuation section) was made available to the issuer prior to publication.

               (5) b) The draft financial analysis was amended on the basis of justified comments from the company or issuer.

               (6) a) GBC AG or a legal entity affiliated with it has entered into an agreement with a third party in the previous 12 months to
            produce research reports on this company or financial instrument in return for payment. Under this agreement, the draft analysis
             (excluding the valuation section) was made available to the third party and/or company and/or issuer of the financial instrument
               prior to publication.

               (6) b) The draft financial analysis was amended on the basis of justified information provided by the third party and/or issuer

               (7) The responsible analyst, the chief analyst, the deputy chief analyst, and/or any other person involved in the preparation of
             the study holds shares or other financial instruments in this company at the time of publication.

               (8) The responsible analyst for this company is a member of its management board or supervisory board.

               (9) The analyst responsible received or acquired shares in the company he analyzed prior to the date of publication before the
              public offering.

              (10) GBC AG or a legal entity affiliated with it has concluded an agreement with the analyzed company for the provision of
              consulting services in the previous 12 months.



                                              4