Smartbroker



Additional information for clients in the United States


1. This research report (the “Report”) is a product of Warburg Research GmbH, Germany, wholly owned by MPCM, Germany. Warburg Research GmbH
is the employer of the research analyst(s), who have prepared the Report. The research analyst(s) reside outside the United States and are not associated
persons of any U.S. regulated broker-dealer and therefore are not subject to the supervision of any U.S. regulated broker-dealer.


2. The Report is provided in the United States for distribution solely to "major U.S. institutional investors" under Rule 15a-6 of the U.S. Securities
Exchange Act of 1934.

3. Crédit Industriel et Commercial (CIC) and MPCM have concluded a Research Distribution Agreement that gives CIC Market Solutions Inc. exclusive
distribution in France, the US and Canada of the Warburg Research GmbH research product.

4. The research reports are distributed in the United States of America by CIC pursuant to a SEC Rule 15a-6 agreement with CIC Market Solutions Inc
(“CICI”), a U.S. registered broker-dealer and a related company of CIC, and are distributed solely to persons who qualify as “Major U.S. Institutional
Investors” as defined in SEC Rule 15a-6 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

5. Any person who is not a Major U.S. Institutional Investor must not rely on this communication. The delivery of this research report to any person in the
United States of America is not a recommendation to effect any transactions in the securities discussed herein, or an endorsement of any opinion
expressed herein.




Reference in accordance with section 85 of the German Securities Trading Act (WpHG) and Art. 20 MAR regarding possible
conflicts of interest with companies analysed:


        Warburg Research GmbH, MPCM, or an affiliated company according to Section 271 (2) of the German Commercial Code (HGB) (affiliated
-1-      companies), or an employee of one of these companies responsible for the compilation of the research, hold a share of more than 5% of the
          equity capital of the analysed company.

          Within the last twelve months affiliated companies participated in the management of a consortium for an issue in the course of a public
-2-
           offering of such financial instruments, which are, or the issuer of which is, the subject of the investment recommendation.

            Affiliated companies manage financial instruments, which are, or the issuers of which are, subject of the investment recommendation, in a
-3-
         market based on the provision of buy or sell contracts.

            Affiliated companies reached an agreement with the issuer to provide investment banking and/or investment services and the relevant
-4-      agreement was in force in the last 12 months or there arose for this period, based on the relevant agreement, the obligation to provide or to
          receive a service or compensation - provided that this disclosure does not result in the disclosure of confidential business information.

        The company compiling the analysis or an  affiliated company had reached an agreement on the compilation of the investment
-5-
        recommendation with the analysed company.

-6a-       Affiliated companies hold a net long position of more than 0.5% of the total issued share capital of the analysed company.

-6b-      Affiliated companies hold a net short position of more than 0.5% of the total issued share capital of the analysed company.

-6c-    The issuer holds shares of more than 5% of the total issued capital of an affiliated company.

        The company preparing the analysis as well as its affiliated companies and employees have other important interests in relation to the
-7-
         analysed company, such as, for example, the exercising of mandates at analysed companies.





Company                         Disclosure   Link to the historical price targets and rating changes (last 12 months)

Smartbroker                        5             https://disclaimer.mp-capitalmarkets.com/disclaimer_en/DE000A2GS609.htm





                        COM M ENT      Published 26.02.2026       9