Smartbroker


LEGAL DISCLAIMER

This research report (“investment recommendation”) was prepared by the Warburg Research GmbH and is passed on by the Münchmeyer Petersen
Capital Markets GmbH. Warburg Research GmbH since December 1, 2025 is a fully owned subsidiary of the Münchmeyer Petersen Capital Markets
GmbH (MPCM). This research report is intended solely for the recipient and may not be passed on to another company without their prior consent,
regardless of whether the company is part of the same corporation or not. It contains selected information and does not purport to be complete. The
investment recommendation is based on publicly available information and data ("information") believed to be accurate and complete. Warburg Research
GmbH neither examines the information  for accuracy and completeness, nor guarantees  its accuracy and completeness. Possible errors or
incompleteness of the information do not constitute grounds for liability of MPCM or Warburg Research GmbH for damages of any kind whatsoever, and
MPCM and Warburg Research GmbH are not liable for indirect and/or direct and/or consequential damages. In particular, neither MPCM nor Warburg
Research GmbH are liable for the statements, plans or other details contained in these investment recommendations concerning the examined
companies, their affiliated companies, strategies, economic situations, market and competitive situations, regulatory environment, etc. Although due care
has been taken in compiling this investment recommendation, it cannot be excluded that it is incomplete or contains errors. MPCM and Warburg Research
GmbH, their shareholders and employees are not liable for the accuracy and completeness of the statements, estimations and the conclusions derived
from the information contained in this investment recommendation. Provided a investment recommendation is being transmitted in connection with an
existing contractual relationship, i.e. financial advisory or similar services, the liability of MPCM and Warburg Research GmbH shall be restricted to gross
negligence and wilful misconduct. In case of failure in essential tasks, MPCM and Warburg Research GmbH are liable for normal negligence. In any
case, the liability of MPCM and Warburg Research GmbH is limited to typical, expectable damages. This investment recommendation does not constitute
an offer or a solicitation of an offer for the purchase or sale of any security. Partners, directors or employees of MPCM, Warburg Research GmbH or
affiliated companies may serve in a position of responsibility, i.e. on the board of directors of companies mentioned in the report. Opinions expressed in
this investment recommendation are subject to change without notice. The views expressed in this research report accurately reflect the research
analyst’s personal views about the subject securities and issuers. Unless otherwise specified in the research report, no part of the research analyst’s
compensation was, is, or will be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in the research report. All rights reserved.

COPYRIGHT NOTICE

This work including all its parts is protected by copyright. Any use beyond the limits provided by copyright law without permission is prohibited and
punishable. This applies, in particular, to reproductions, translations, microfilming, and storage and processing on electronic media of the entire content
or parts thereof.


DISCLOSURE ACCORDING TO §85 OF THE GERMAN SECURITIES TRADING ACT (WPHG), MAR AND MIFID  II INCL.
COMMISSION DELEGATED REGULATION (EU) 2016/958 AND (EU) 2017/565

The valuation underlying the investment recommendation for the respective company analysed is based on generally accepted and widely used methods
of fundamental analysis, such as e.g. DCF Model, Free Cash Flow Value Potential, NAV, Peer Group Comparison or Sum of the Parts Model (see also
https://disclaimer.mp-capitalmarkets.com/disclaimer.htm#Valuation). The result of this fundamental valuation is modified to take into consideration the
analyst’s assessment as regards the expected development of investor sentiment and its impact on the share price.

Independent of the applied valuation methods, there is the risk that the price target will not be met, for instance because of unforeseen changes in
demand for the company’s products, changes in management, technology, economic development, interest rate development, operating and/or material
costs, competitive pressure, supervisory law, exchange rate, tax rate etc. For investments in foreign markets and instruments there are further risks,
generally based on exchange rate changes or changes in political and social conditions.

The respective commentary reflects the opinion of the relevant author at the point in time of its compilation. A change in the fundamental factors underlying
the valuation can mean that the valuation is subsequently no longer accurate. Whether, or in what time frame, an update of this commentary follows is
not determined in advance.

Additional internal and organisational arrangements to prevent or to deal with conflicts of interest have been implemented. Among these are the spatial
separation of Warburg Research GmbH from MPCM and the creation of areas of confidentiality. This prevents the exchange of information, which could
form the basis of conflicts of interest for Warburg Research GmbH in terms of the analysed issuers or their financial instruments.

The analysts of Warburg Research GmbH do not receive a gratuity – directly or indirectly – from the investment banking activities of MPCM, MPC
Münchmeyer Petersen & Co. GmbH or affiliated companies.

All prices of financial instruments given in this investment recommendation are the closing prices on the last stock-market trading day before the
publication date stated, unless another point in time is explicitly stated.

Warburg Research GmbH is subject to the supervision of the Federal Financial Supervisory Authority, BaFin.

SOURCES

All data and consensus estimates have been obtained from FactSet except where stated otherwise.





                        COM M ENT      Published 26.02.2026       8